add descriptions to methods in README (#143)
replicate/replicate-javascript: README.md

// ['https://replicate.delivery/pbxt/RoaxeXqhL0xaYyLm6w3bpGwF5RaNBjADukfFnMbhOyeoWBdhA/out-0.png']
```

> To run a model that takes a file input, host the file at a publicly accessible HTTPS URL, or
> convert the file data into a base64-encoded data URI:

Reviewer: This is definitely an improvement to what we have. Piggy-backing off that:

Until we have a built-in mechanism for uploading files from file handles, we should advise URLs to public resources as the primary way to pass files. Base64-encoded `data:` URIs should be considered a fallback.

```suggestion
To run a model that takes a file input, pass a URL to a publicly accessible file. Or, for smaller files (<10MB), you can convert file data into a base64-encoded data URI and pass that directly:

```

### `replicate.request`

> Low-level request method used by other convenience methods.

Reviewer: Not 100% on this, but maybe:

```suggestion
Low-level method used by the Replicate client to interact with API endpoints.
```
